Oh boy that was a long journey but we've managed to do it.
We've managed to add session into our app and make everything just feel perfect.
We have our images submitted.
We can update profiles we can submit images and we make sure that every time we refresh we have access
to our profile.
We have protected routes we've managed to add session.
So let's review over what we've just done.
Well on the back end if we go back here we see that we've now added authentication middleware to make
sure that these protected endpoints are not touched by anybody that shouldn't be.
They must have a token.
We also incorporated sign in authentication and sign in authentication is a really really nice Hendler
that allows us to check if there is an authorization header.
If there is well in that case talk to the rattus database grab the token and grab the idea of the user
and give them that information so they can retrieve the profile information.
Do a GET request to profile ID which again is protected so they must pass a authorization token with
it.
And then if they don't have an authorization header this is their first time signing in.
Make sure that we handle the sign in to check all these things create a session add a data point in
our read us database and then finally return their session with their token I.D. so they can do whatever
they want like getting profile and you might notice that we haven't really done this for register.
We might have to implement some of this into our register and point as well but that's something that
you can do on your own and it's fairly simple to do now that we've got a basic understanding of how
this works.
And all we had to do on the front end was at our token that we receive two session storage and then
for any protected routes that were accessing we had to include the token into our request and that's
how sessions work.
We make sure that we protect what's valuable to us and only the people that can access it can access
it.
The interesting thing that we can do now is anytime a user signs out we can simply make sure that we
remove the token from session storage in our code but also we can send a request a son or a request
to our and point to make sure that we remove that token from our rattus database so we have full control
of when we revoke tokens when we expire them when we do all these things which is really really nice.
So let's go show off our work to Bruno.
I'll see in the next video but by.